Mr. Qin.
What did you just say?
I was just saying that this portrait of the first five emperors can survive to this day.
It's not easy.
This was actually written by the Emperor himself years ago.
Miscellaneous families are also many new ways to find this treasure.
Dear, I don't know why you are so sad about your past life.
To be honest.
My White House is the former god of the previous dynasty.
Thousands of years are still searching for royal teachings.
I can't believe he's in the Eastern Seaboard.
Now it is also the Qin family that is only left after establishing big money.
Trust the Prince
So that's it.
You're about to wake up.
White Prince need not be suspicious
Is this thing too much to be afraid of?
No wonder I will borrow the soul master in the body of Qin Xiang.
I can't believe that after I ascend the throne, I can once again make the Crown Prince through the matter of leaving the seat.
If we tell the truth
Without fear, His Highness the poisonous seedling.
God, if you have a soul in heaven.
Most of them could understand the old man's good intentions.
Now a thousand years have passed.
The old story of the previous dynasty does not need to be mentioned anymore.
You and I don't have to worry about the king's feast.
Oh, Your Majesty.
But he killed the slave.
The God of Meaning
How can prison?
In addition, the old slave took the order of his subordinates to discover that the Eastern Sea Qin family was busy as the plot came.
In particular, this pair of dogs is the most evil.
Dong Hai is an accomplice.
Just say a word
The old man immediately sent men to destroy the animals.
Repay the blood debt to the Qin